To run this game you must have the LÖVE framework installed. If you do not already, download it here: https://love2d.org/wiki/Getting_Started
In addition, we recommend viewing the code using the Visual Code Studio, which was the editor used to program the game. VCS allows you to launch the game straight from the editor by pressing Alt + L if the LOVE extension is enabled. You must execute the entire folder with LOVE and not just a singular file; the folder also includes the graphics and fonts.
If you are not using VCS, the code can be executed by dragging the folder containing main.lua and all of the .lua files onto the LOVE icon on your desktop.

After the game is launched in LOVE, you can use the keyboard to control the player in the middle of the screen. The player moves left and right with the arrow keys, and jumps using the space key. You are greeted with a title screen, and you want to move to the right for the exposition screen. When you interact with the non-player characters, you will be frozen in space until the interaction is finished. Press ‘return’/’enter’ to go to the next dialogue. When the dialogue is finished, you will be prompted to kill or dodge that npc. Press the keys k or d to make those choices. However, you must kill 3 characters and 3 characters only. Thus, if you are unable to exit the dialogue state when you make your option it could be that you have already killed 3 characters or that you must kill all the remaining character. There will be a warning that pops up on the top right of the screen if that happens. 

The prisoner saved percentage constantly updates with every choice you make. However, nothing is final until the very last decision is made. That is when you know how many prisoners have been saved.